first 3 chapters updates, minor updates, mainly screenshots (#3679)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/training_manual/processing/set_up.rst

====================================

The first thing to do before using the processing framework is to configure it.
There is not much to set-up, so this is an easy task.

Later on we will show how to configure the external applications that are used
for extending the list of available algorithms, but for now we are just going
to work with the framework itself.

> The processing framework is a core QGIS plugin, which means that, it should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processing framework is a core QGIS plugin, which means that it should
```

already be installed in your system, since it is included with QGIS. In case it

> is active, you should see a menu called *Processing* in your menu bar. There you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is active, you should see a menu called :guilabel:`Processing` in your menu bar. There you
```

> will find an access to all the framework components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can access all the framework components.
```

The toolbox contains a list of all the available algorithms, divided in groups

> so called *Providers*. Providers can be (de)activated in the settings dialog. We

Reviewer: ```suggestion
called *Providers*. Providers can be (de)activated in the Processing part of the Options dialog
(:menuselection:`Settings --> Options...`). We
```

> will discuss the settings dialog later in this manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will discuss that dialog later in this manual.
```
